Good afternoon to you.
Not just Andre.
This is a fun little video.
I like to throw some of these every once in a while because I know it can get very exhausting when you
have a lot of information thrown at you.
So I want us to copy a website really, really fast.
Let's look at how we can do that.
One of my favorite websites is Wait, but why?
Well, all caps.
I don't know why I did that, but it's just still work.
If you haven't checked out this website and highly recommended some great, great articles on here,
but let's say I look at this website and I'm like, Hmm, this is really, really cool.
I wish I could play around with it.
Well, before I showed you view developer and developer tools and we had a nice little pop up at the
bottom of the screen.
This time I want to show you.
View source when you click on that.
Oh boy, you get a whole bunch of stuff.
But if you look at the top over here, you see that?
It's dog type HTML is just simple HTML and this might look really, really overwhelming.
Don't worry, this will make sense to you at the end.
But you can see over here that they're commenting this out.
There is the HTML tag and if you scroll down, there's a whole lot of stuff.
But simply by copying all this so I can just select all and copy this and if I open up sublime.
There you go.
And let's just open up a new file over here and paste this.
That's a lot of stuff.
I'm going to save.
What save as and we'll call it.
Wait.
But why HTML?
All right, save it.
And now if I go to my desktop.
And I have wait by HTML.
If I drag it into my google chrome.
Look at that.
I have a weight by y all to myself and I can play around with it and break it and do whatever I want.
I can even see what the use to create these little post finger dinghies, but a really, really fun
way to play around with websites.
Hope.
That was interesting.
See you the next one.
Bye bye.